Link to codepen https://codepen.io/jwalker927/pen/OJWjarQ?editors=1100
 1. What is Semantic HTML? tags that are self descriptive
    2. What is HTML used for? to build the structure of the site
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? an attribute is a modifier or describer of a tag. It goes in the opening tag. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?   the title, only once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes    a href   img src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?   <head> 
    7. What is an id?    a unique identifier for a tag. Can be used to anchor page or to have javascript manipulate.
    8. What elements can I add an id to?     any css elements can be added to a tag. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?    1
    10. What is a class?     similar to an id, but can be used across a number of tags to style more easily and have it apply to many items. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to?     any html element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?     unlimited.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?     target: _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?      text that describes an image for a blind person.
    15. How do I reference an id?       #idname
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div    section is semantic, a div is not.
    17. What is CSS used for?     to style the website.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page       by tag name or class name, etc. h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one    see question 7 & 10. class is better for styling. id is bettter for one-time use things, anchoring, etc.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?    .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?  p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? to look for elements nested inside of other elements (their parents) useful all the time but mostly to drill down.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?     div.sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?      things like hover, focus, etc. that require mouse action or prior clicks. do not always apply. 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height: x;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?   letter-spacing:x;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?    text-transform: uppercase; text-transform:lowercase; text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?    border: 1 px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? body{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?   /**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?   ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm command. you should be particularly careful when using rm -r as this may delete entire folders.
    34. Why should I use version control?   to be able to revert to previous versions if necessary. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?      after somewhat significant changes or about every 20 minutes. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? commit push -u origin <branch name>
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.    fork repo into our own github. Clone remote repo to local machine (in the directory you want it to be in) > CD into the correct dir>
    branch using git checkout -b jaden-walker > code . > work on files > git add . > git commit -m "message" > git push -u origing <branchname> which should be first last. 
    go back to github > start pull request, correct the compare repositories (not lambda's) > create pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?     block elements take up their own horizontal line, inline can be next to each other horizontally.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?  it scrolls along with the page. 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?  I would think display flex...
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default  
    block h1-h6, section div,
    inline a button  
    inline block img
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 